chore(ci-cd-workflows): GitHub Actions snippets (#1918)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 08.Server-integration/08.CI-CD-workflows/docs.md

---
title: CI/CD workflows
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

> Mender team provides templates for different CI/CD systems for the most common use cases. Using the templates it's possible to create production grade CI/CD pipelines to build and deploy Mender artifacts to a device fleets, managed by hosted Mender server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mender team provides templates for different CI/CD systems that cover the most common use cases. Using the templates makes it possible to create production grade CI/CD pipelines to build and deploy Mender artifacts to a device fleets, managed by hosted Mender server.
```
